== Changes

This document describes the relevant changes beween releases of the
_rbovirt_ project.

Note that this list of changes was added with the 0.0.30 release,
previous releases aren't described here.

== 0.1.5

New features:

* Adding disk format when cloning a disk from template

== 0.1.4

New features:

* Support passing custom script to start_with_cloudinit

Bug fixes:

* Support for multi-line runcmd params
* RBOVIRT_REST_TIMEOUT parse as integer
* Pin rack to 1.x
* Blank template does not contain a <cluster> element

== 0.1.3

New features:

* Add instance_type support for VM
* Add mtu vlan_id and usages to networks
* Name servers and search domains should be space separated strings

Bug fixes:

* Name servers and search domains should be passed as space separated strings

== 0.1.2

Bug fixes:

* Explicitly use version 3 of the API

== 0.1.1

New features:

* Support operating systems
* Added missing brackets for template display
* Support for using the persistent-auth
* Add instance types support.
* Fixes Blank template display
* Added support for VMS search options max/pages
* Handle template's disk
* Fix cloud init for OVirt >= 3.5
* Set storage domain for template when provided.
* Include disks in VM XML.
* Make comment of vm or template editable
* Adding override_iptables parameter to reinstall_host
* Implement stricter checks of nicsdef content
* Implement cloud-init for multiple nics
* Fix broken OVIRT::Template#volumes
* Fix for cloudinit so nokogiri correctly processes the files section
* Add option to set description on VM create.

== 0.1.0 / 2015-05-07

New features:

* Updated the Ruby required version to 1.9.3.
* Updated the _rest_client_ required version to 1.7.0.
* Added +wipe_after_delete+ flag for volumes.
* Added +comment+ attribute to VMs.
* Added +clone+ attribute to VMs in order to support creation of full
  clones.
* Added +ha_priority+ attribute to VMs.
* Added support for the top level +disks+ collection (also known as
  floating disks).
* Added +alias+ attribute to volumes.
* Added support for affinity groups.

== 0.0.32 / 2015-01-14

New features:

* Added support for template versions.

Bug fixes:

* Handle correctly the _cloud-init_ +phone_home+ option.

== 0.0.31 / 2014-12-11

New features:

* Added support for starting virtual machines with _cloud-init_, using
  the new +vm_start_with_cloud_init+ method of the client class.

== 0.0.30 / 2014-11-25

New features:

* Added support for updating disks.
* Added support for the data center +local+ attribute.

Bug fixes:

* Parse correctly the +status+ element.
